hey guys what's going on this is Bonnie
bringing you another tomahawk tutorial
this time it's on villa first off I'm
just going to show you the clip of the
throw that I pulled off and this is the
end game clip who is from a free-for-all
game i had a couple days ago so it's a
throw that if you're in this window over
here you want to throw to hit that guy
that's standing on that the back of that
balcony in that doorway so here's here's
another angle of it you just saw it
happen they're kind of showing you the
flight path here and yeah as you can see
get stuck right in the fucking chest and
then I'm going to do one more angle here
so this is kind of just showing it again
the flight path of supplies it's pretty
pretty cool-looking throw and this one's
really easy to pull off so we're going
to go to the next section here and show
you how to do it ok so first of all I'm
show you this right from the start of a
free-for-all game I hope took me 50
throws they didn't take me you know this
is I just started this up in a private
match with a buddy to show you how it's
done so speed up here go to this window
as you can see he's over there right now
and what you're going to do is that Tom
the tomahawk ridicule it's got you know
a line on the top little box and the lie
on the bottom we have a one full one
about you know that gap in there is
about as long as that reticule and the
tip of that will be on the bottom of
that black cloud let it go and you're
going to hit him that lining it up like
that will hit the guy if you know
standing back in there not on the actual
balcony but standing in that little door
with the leads to the balcony so he's
going to throw back this tomahawk i'm
going to show you another throw just the
angle if he was actually on the balcony
not in the doorway so here we go again
he's actually on the balcony this time
this time to change the the arc and all
that what you want to do is is you know
make sure you're lined up again and in
Game obviously you do this faster but
you're going to put the bottom of your
tomahawk aiming reticule there just
above the tip of that roof you can see
and and the aim is you know where he's
going to be and it hit him again so I
you know I had both those throats
back-to-back didn't miss any throws
because once you know
the arc and all that you know it's going
to hit them here's showing the throw
again one more time the first one see
it's about a full reticle above the
bottom of the tip is on that cloud and
it hits them so once again you know it's
just about once you know the spot that
you need to line it up with you know for
distance wise then it's just adjusting
left and right as to where the guy is
going to be I mean obviously he's gonna
be standing still sometimes the guys
camping though and it's easy and yeah
this is going to show you exactly where
it hits on them it's a pretty funny kill
you know every time is gonna be a little
different too but as you see here it
hits him right in fucking chin looks
basically like it's in his mouth so
looks pretty awesome anyways guys thanks
for watching and i'm going to try and
get more of these together I enjoy
making them so have a good on